Osaka?
Osaka food,I knew this
Yeah
Shoot
yeah
(***)
Yeah,Osaka Osaka-food?
Yeah. Yeah.
Osaka and osaka(***)
I don't actually know my districts.
Ho...
Is she???
Yeah....(***)
Yeah ship.In a dark
23. Yeah.Yeah..
I don't know. I don't know.
Yeah
Yeah? I do know where that is. No.
(***)I'm sorry.
Sorry
gotta do what you gotta do.
I know that one.In Osaka?
It's like right there.
We don't  need to know that? Like, where it is on the map? Then why are you asking?
Lock in love.
No
hmm...
(***)Yeah
Yeah
How look at the pictures and start memorizing them soon.
How much?
Yes,That's not
I know,I know the rest of Japan doesn't like them, right?
No...so sad,wait
Like derogatory?
Os..Osaka where
Something yeah yeah
No, I really was. I really was.
it was i it was like it was like almost there
Yeah, you like see it in me right like
Exactly.
Yeah, yeah, that's what I was gonna do.
Like, is it like negative?
Is like,Osaka with keep like
Is it this one, like, keep eating?
until they die?
Yeah.
Matter is,it was like derogatory.
My source said it was negative. Like Wikipedia.
No,its'll you seek
Not like a slur, but like it was to like make fun of them.
As so i call
Oh really?(***)
Wait someone led a rebellion
White similar rebellion, right?
No, not a Hideyoshi, but like some samurai are a rebellion.
Migration. Right?
So...um...
I don't know, how did it?
hmm..
Yes.